everybody welcome back easiest run of
all time on the last run d 100 we never
had a terrible roll we came close a
couple times
dude we must have had evens blessing on
last run look at this p6 Cyn 49 brother
Bobby succubus Necronomicon 2 HP good
damage great rate of fire great speed
actually good speed let's let's make
them work for it a little bit but yeah
like average damage with an above
average rate of fire a familiar that's
not going to help out too much but
succubus doing great work to HP gives us
some resiliency and combine that excuse
me sir
with the Necronomicon we got some pretty
good like killing power right now should
be in a good spot on today's run should
be should be you never know we could be
in a great spot we could be in a spot
that looks good but gets bad at some
point there's many different ways that
this can go now I'm going to spare you
the minutia of going down each and every
single one of them you know well it
could have a good run that gets bad and
then men wins in the end regardless you
know sure there's infinity waves out
here let's go at the present moment
though we got Jackie s to worry about
Jackie S is my way of saying Jack Jack
poop I always get this trinket messed up
is this the one this is stop it means we
don't get any spacebar items we probably
do not want that Necronomicon is good
but we'd like to get more space bar
items if only so we can get bookworm and
dude Necronomicon for me to just out of
nowhere be like Necronomicon is good
that's a huge growth in my relationship
with Necronomicon because previously
this is kind of like the item i yelled
at and I was like this item is trash and
I can't believe it's a six room charge
it is still pretty bad like it's not
amazing but it's very useful in the
early game especially if you don't want
to do a big room and like these first
couple of floors have the worst big
rooms in terms of you know your level of
skill while you're
your level of strength I should say
versus the rooms that they throw at you
you know a bunch of enemies that are
total jerks many of which are going to
be champions and then they just expect
you to deal with them one at a time I
say no to that sir I say no we're going
to use bombs parasitoid tiers is good
enough common cold might honestly have
been good enough but parasitoids here is
a little bit on the better side scales
with hivemind
I don't think it gives us Beelzebub
transformation like that's a perfect
room use this son
the only more perfect room would be a
room that basically guarantees us a
battery charge yeah I think that was
fairly doubtlessly the right choice
there succubus is doing great work I
would love to just get ridiculous damage
from this deal with the devil
and be in an unstoppable position I'm a
little nervous actually that we're going
to get hit here nervous is not the right
word I'm an adult I'm mildly on an
intellectual but not emotional level
concerned about the idea that we could
take damage here and ruin our deal with
the devil chance let's go
instead we got a rate of fire increase
two very valuable hearts and then follow
it up with five red Jessica be good it
could be good it could be great it's
already great actually two guppy items
we didn't quite get the third but
obviously we're going to go dead cat
here we also got feels like I'm walking
on sunshine
um I mean Guppies head is better let's
take basically you're smart people I
would be lying to you at this point if I
was like oh we're gonna take
Necronomicon because I think it could be
better in this unique circumstance
obviously I would be like deliberately
nerfing myself Gabi's head is the item
to take here so we're 2/3 of the way to
guppy this is like you know unstoppable
force versus a movable object we haven't
gotten the guppy transformation recently
but we've got such good chances to get
it now deal with the devil precedent
plus well at least a little bit of
spirit art action protecting us probably
won't to have a next floor but could
happen next floor this is an important
point I think we can get all the special
stuff on this floor if this is a secret
room which it is so go in here obviously
we're going to do forget-me-now we're
going to lose a take this I really
needed that to be two of spades I used
two of clubs anyway save yourself the
black card and here we get a key okay
use a bomb to grab the key
leave walk into the boss Trap room open
the golden chest and then forget me now
who okay interesting so now we have no
spacebar item I would say no spacebar
item is worse than Guppies head I don't
know if that's being a little bit
controversial but we're going to get
another basically one extra deal with
the devil chance over the course of the
entire run don't make me laugh you're
making me laugh ahahaha with your bad
arcades and you are making me want to do
a little bit of a lady Gaga parody Oh
woo
screw diabetic aid the lyrics were sort
of you know oh they're you understand
what song I'm referencing which is good
because the pitch was a little off red
hearts not what we're interested in
right now in fact we're interested in
consumables above all else it is
unfathomable almost that this run would
be a loss though like we've got amazing
stats it's going to say great stats and
I said no we can bust out the a word
this is an A+ start here to be on the
second floor with the kind of you know
the caliber of items that we've got so
far is a little ridiculous not to
mention there's a semi-decent chance
that we could just become guppy right
here I'd say there's like a 10% chance
we can become guppy probably is a little
bit lower than that because we is a
one-third chance to get a deal with the
devil and then what are the odds that
it's got items and then then it has a
guppy item amongst them so is it a third
over a third which would be like roughly
nine percent it's probably worse odds
than that but we've got many chances to
make it happen
blank room save this for a possible per
throw I think blank route is perthro
unless you're on a daily and what you
wanted to be a was and by is I mean like
we were saving it for the chance to make
that happen
mild tears upgrade you're not wrong if
you're saying like why don't you go back
and sleep in the bed by the way you're
not wrong but I also don't think you're
necessarily particularly right not to be
rude to you I mean you're at your own
sovereign adult you know you can tell me
the f off if you want to but it's not
going to give us anything to sleep in
the bed unless you manage to give up our
red heart somehow in which case it'll
give us three spirit hearts and we
basically justified getting a deal with
the devil by itself but doesn't seem
likely that that's going to happen we
also have like no interest whatsoever in
our shop at least with our current level
of finances but it wasn't a bad idea to
come down here I think
come out of this with a little bit more
HP we got all of our consumables back
we got a I mean uninteresting but all
together mostly useless space bar item
but at least did something you know
we're back in the saddle again in that
department this I mean it could be a
secret room but I'm a little skeptical
it was a secret room and that was a
waste of my time I don't have like free
internet my bandwidth limited that's not
really true we're on an unlimited plan I
think or at least I've never I've never
noticed myself being throttled which is
nice you know I don't really know where
to go from that except that sometimes
people go you know the old Canadian
Internet you got data plans right I
don't know and I think that's the ideal
circumstance I mean I should know
because it's directly relating to my job
but I'm kind of like ignorant of it
until it causes me problems you know
it's like the highway on the way to my
office just works totally fine so I
don't know the intricacies of you know
the grade of concrete that was used to
make it I don't know why I felt the
compulsion to use a feels like I'm
walking on sunshine pill that seems like
kind of a bad play but it's all right I
play this once so we can really afford
to do I would like to make boss rush
happen we're strong enough to make it we
haven't done it that much recently
although probably like roughly in
keeping with average we haven't done it
enough to be like I don't want to do
boss rush ever again oh yeah okay 15
cents right okay you just got roof we
got steam sale anyway so I'm happy but
I'm like I'm an idiot because we could
have just gotten a trinket smelter and
trinket smelter would have been way more
fun than just rolling magic fingers
which the only time I feel happy rolling
magic fingers is when I have like
literally 99 cents and a bunch of damage
so check this we got a look
double paralysis pill you know it's not
that much worse than just getting one
paralysis pill if you want to get
technical and I do want to get technical
baby it's always my introduction to
dirty talk hmm where our local static
variable stored in the local static data
area that's correct
please I don't want are you a wizard
right now we got a homing tear so don't
sweat it that much you're still crushing
it here we actually don't really need
anything on this run at least urgently
usually at this point in the run you
need something but right now all of our
stats are good some of our stat while
our HP could use some work I suppose but
some of our stats are great like our
rate of fire is genuinely awesome right
now and our damage might not be 10 out
of 10 in fact it's about 3.5 out of
infinity however we're firing roughly
twice as often as we would at this point
on the run on an average run at least
and our shots are homing so we get more
efficiency out of them as well so we can
we can coast on this level of damage for
a little bit longer even if I would
prefer not to dark bomb basically is
just at this point looking at complain
about we've given us amazing offensive
items and now one of the best defensive
items in the game is almost guarantees
us a win provided we find like any red
hearts which hilariously we didn't on
this floor but we over it I actually
said incorrectly on the last where we
have deal with the devil precedent we
don't we have deal with a double chance
Jesus juice I always get confused with
is that a reference to Michael Jackson
or is it a reference to communion
communion wine I've got to be honest you
know I grew up in a family that is not
religious but sort of like
like my grandparents were non-practicing
but like sort of really they were like
well you got to get baptized but we
don't really go to church so I have them
baptized but I've never I've never been
confirmed which is the step that allows
you to take communion
I've also like straight up only been in
church outside of a wedding or a funeral
or like a concert or a pancake breakfast
like maybe three times I think I've only
been present at like a communion
ceremony once so I'm a little ignorant
of what goes on there that's not like
you know I'm not bringing this into like
a religious kind of conversation that
we're having here I'm just I'm giving
you some insight into thank you dark mom
I'm giving you some insight into you
know when I talk about Christianity or
Catholicism I basically know nothing
about it
but I never got confirmed which I think
means I am doomed it's like I got my
religious learning permit but then I
just let it expire I'll get my license
next year and just never went through
with it I've been president like like
five or six baptisms and you could not
make and again this is so meant to be
inoffensive that if you're offended by
it I'm almost mad at you like I'm I'm
not one of those people who's like I
made enough color joke you got offended
yo sorry snowflake that's that's very
much not my brand however if you get
offended by this I mean I'm sorry but
mostly I'm sorry for what you've chosen
to take offense to here because this is
going to be ridiculous I don't know if
there is some more self serving ceremony
than a baptism of like a young child
it's like all these adults get together
they take their Saturday they go what
are you gonna do this Saturday I was
thinking I would you know take one of
the two days
per week that I get off from a job I
don't really like and go watch an infant
get some water rubbed on its forehead
because it's the eighth son of an
estranged you know older brother of mine
yo this is life is good so we get
doubled everything here and then we get
to take a second something as well in so
mm man it was a year of it that wouldn't
have done anything anyway
thank better plans going I'm going I
mean the soul is fine for a doubling but
dude why not take sensor and get two
sensors the soul would be basically just
be expecting extra spirit hearts and
that's not it says by the way that the
baptism ceremony first up I just don't
like words that end in ISM as an adult
it makes me uncomfortable but because of
jism but it's like I went and saw my
three-year-olds this is like 15 years
ago
my three-year-old cousin get baptized my
uncle lives in Nova Scotia and I lived
in Ontario so it was like a three-day
drive or something like that for them to
get down here and I've seen them I like
my uncle and his family I think we're
kindred spirits but we don't see each
other very often like once every 6 or 7
years I took a Saturday at like 10:00
a.m. to watch my three-year-old cousin
get baptized there's a cousin's cup no
idea was going on you know hey do you
want to burn forever and hellfire no all
right well we're going to do this
ceremony then I'm not mad that it gets
done you know to children's I think you
know in the end it's just you know a
ceremony that you know for me is
harmless and for them if they feel like
that's important so be it right it's
more like you should be able to say no
to to a baptism I think you know I've
never been to a Bar Mitzvah but I kind
of think that a Bar Mitzvah is like a
a maturation into adulthood for a young
man you know they've got
responsibilities they prepared for the
event it's got a lot of symbolism and
and some autonomy over it as well
oh that's copy we're in the clear
let's like as a 14 year old being like I
just want to play NFL quarterback Club
but I got to watch my cousin get some
water rubbed on his head with 30 other
strangers who have never met my my
cousin but you know they pod freaking
soccer to my uncle when he was 8 years
old and now they can't say no to be in
here again I'm not saying it's a stupid
ceremony I'm just saying it's stupid
that other people are expected to attend
if you want to attend that's fine it's
not like every weekend I'm like well
another baptism invitation it hurts
being so popular for some reason no it's
just is that there's a few things like
that like I would much rather help my
friend move and go to their child's
baptism but I'd much rather go to their
baptism than their bris no question
about that
at least when you help a friend move by
the way in order to for you to fully
appreciate what I said that I'd rather
help a friend move then go to their
child's baptism I hate moving I just I
do not like it one bit
no I mean nobody does but I moved so
much as well.they I moved a few times as
a child which I know if you're in like a
you know military family or for whatever
reason you just moved a lot haha you're
like a little baby right but at the same
time you know when you're an adult and
you move I feel like it's not fair
because if you're doing like some flip
this house sort of stuff you might have
made like a tidy sum you're like I hate
moving
you're your kid is like I hate moving
and then you're like yeah me too but we
are making you know a hundred thousand
dollars by selling this house and then
buying a different one so you know put
up or shut up kid you know somebody's
got to put dinner on the table but as a
kid moving is always like a loser Lou
right like you you're going to have to
make new friends if you're moving to a
new area if you're not going to the same
school we have steam sale so we should
end golden bomb so we should really go
for this but as an adult you've got a
little bit more leverage but at least
when you help a friend move it's
productive like you're you're helping
them do something that they need your
help with especially if you own a truck
which I do not because I don't want to
get asked to help people move all the
time
I like my weekends I got a stream on
those weekends man
I'm not saying a baptism is inherently
unproductive you know from a cosmic
sense if that's what you believe I'm
just saying you know for me I'm like
there's kanae can we just like get
together and I'll like uh mow your lawn
to get out of this baptism thing this is
by the way a completely manufactured
scenario I don't have any friends who
have ever invited me to their child's
baptism I don't have any friends
boom-boom-boom
so I mean we're going to use even sold
right even Sol Plus chaos means you
probably should not have waited to use
it in this room we do have 10 lives so
we could use Plan C but I'm not going to
because our because I resent it dude the
Telefilms curse has gotten us there's no
conspiracy that's like I don't want to
fight mega Satan I like fighting mega
satan especially when our run is strong
as it is right now anyway what a bizarre
tirade to be rambling about this you
know baptism nonsense forever it's
irrelevant the point is you can believe
whatever you want to believe but your
beliefs start to be called into question
when you ask me to take time off of my
valuable Saturday to watch your
religious ceremony ok wedding little
different so you know symbolic you need
to to people too but if you're like hey
come watch my child be like
take the first step in and not going to
hell I'm like you know what I wish you
the best
I got a nice long date with the my own
religion it's called sleeping in ISM but
by all means I'm a devout follower of
sleeping in ISM I practice it as often
as possible multiple times per week for
certain and I'm very lucky to be able to
do so and you know what I think it's
enriched my life in a lot of ways
let's move downwards here oh they're
gonna let me thank you
do I could use a speedo Graham just
throw this out you can use a speed
upgrade I'm just throwing this out here
is 0.8 to be with Taurus and it's kind
of I mean we're getting faster
eventually but sort of slowly
unfortunately what is this in the new
tests to do so we're definitely we can
already fly it's not bad I should point
that out like fate is not bad here it's
just not any good the only thing you can
do is give us more HP and at this point
I would say that that's a dubious pick
up we might not want it we might want it
but we might not want it you know so if
we if we don't know which way the the
wind is going to blow on that one I say
we just stay away from it you might
think that I'm very selfish with my time
ins I mean sort of the case to be honest
with you and then like this is pulling
back the veil I am a little selfish with
my time because I'd like to record
videos and also that's like my
responsibility not just everyone's
always like you know oh you should okay
it says 2:00 a.m. on a Saturday and
you're playing battlegrounds why don't
you just stream it this is the kind of
economy we're in here like that in terms
of our time at least where it's like
love you're playing something you might
as well be live but I'm
I'm not ungenerous when the cause is
right like last year and I said I
recognized the irony and taken a cherry
picking of situation from literally a
year ago but last year for Kiera is like
either Mother's Day or like one of
Kate's parents birthdays we took them
out to dinner and her dad was like hey I
got this like charity walkathon thing
going on tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. it was a
Saturday like you guys want to do it and
of course like like no it's like
mentally like are you of course not you
crazy you know we don't want to take our
Saturday to a charity walkathon we just
found out about you know two minutes ago
but I said you know what it like it'll
be a good time too we can bond and you
know I can tell it's important to you so
we'll do it and we we went out like 9:00
a.m. it's not super early but early on a
Saturday the hot Summer Sun and we
walked the charity walk for polio and it
was a good time and by a good time I
mean it was for a good cause so I don't
have a problem you know the that I can
easily justify as quality time my wife
and her family brings us a little closer
together you know raises money for
charity I wanted to be very extremely
northern lyonie I could point out that I
made a donation to the charitable
organization that was doing the event
and my thank you for that was getting
non-stop calls like every morning at
9:00 a.m. trying to solicit some more
personal information so they it's like
knowledge you don't understand I know
the this is going to sound insulting but
the average age in this organization is
like at least 50 years old I understand
you don't get that many Millennials
necessarily we don't like to talk on the
phone the money has changed hands do
with it what you wants just never call
me again or I'll you know crowdsource
someone to bust your kneecaps obviously
that's not true but
I like talking on the phone okay I saw a
tweet the other day the height of comedy
a tweet where the basic gist of it and
I'm going to not source it because I
forgot who made it and people always
have like you know fake Twitter names
like you know the thought police
but it's instead of thought it's like
you know that hole over there but anyway
the point is I know I can't have Skype
message right now it said like the
stages of friendship is like Stage four
we hang out
Stage three we can travel together Stage
two like I invite you to my wedding
and stage one I'll talk to you on the
telephone I think actually Stage two is
like I would literally give my life for
you and stage one is I will talk to you
on the telephone it's pretty much I can
relate to that is what I'll say the
telephone is it's an anxiety inducing
piece of equipment which is why I again
this is like I think this is not like oh
you're so charitable there are so many
streamers that are so charitable and
embrace like so much money for st. Jude
and other various organizations that I'm
not trying to say like oh I'm so
charitable you know but maybe like once
or twice a year there's like a
fundraising thing that someone in my
family or extended family does and I'm a
gal contribute to that I think that's
you know when I was a child the extended
family network contributed to my stupid
you know yeah I'm selling chocolate bars
how many chocolate bars would you like
to buy reasonable adult then chocolate
bars that's a normal adult amount of
chocolate bars to purchase at once
of course so you know I give back now
when I'm in a position to do so and and
this year I gave to an organization no
correspondence whatsoever sign me up for
your non-existent newsletter you guys
get me there is actually like I
understand as hard as a charity I've got
a hustle these people get me
I'm going to avoid naming them because I
don't know if I should have taken that
HP as soon as you name them you know
you're gonna be well here's a report
from 1975 that says you know the CEO
pays himself ten trillion dollars a year
another that come on I just let me live
in my ignorance is bliss sorta area
right now where I think that I've done a
good thing for the world like I'm so
much more likely to contribute to that
organization in the future as a result
of the fact that I think that
organization gets Millennials no phone I
got an email that said thank you and I
was like that's all I wanted was to be
appreciated Christopher and now like I'm
good to go at least I know um you know
the whole YouTube twitch thing goes up
at some point I get a job as like
millennial liaison because you might
think you know I'm mocking Millennials
I'm not I'm I'm firmly in like the
middle of the Millennial Generation I'm
actually like I might be peak millennial
I will fully live in a city that has a
destroyed housing market and go hey how
about that housing market way to go baby
boomers Oh Ryan you're cool bruised
ready oh thank you thank you you know
you guys really should be paid more here
I'm all for a $15 minimum wage but at
the same time the coffee is already so
expensive
you know like I'm peak millennial I get
it so if you maybe you're watching this
maybe you're you're savvy or your son or
daughter has turned you on to these
videos if you represent like a fortune
500 company maybe you make like laundry
detergent and you're like Millennials
aren't buying our products anymore hire
me I will I will consult for you on some
ads you got to rework your brand
nihilism is so in here's here's your new
ad for laundry detergent laundry
detergent because we're all going to die
someday anyway the end that's it
and scene but you got to play it up with
like a little bit of irony in it as well
like your did not irony sorry but
self-awareness you know it's not like
laundry detergent we're all gonna die
someday anyway like it's got to be a
beat like yo buy fabric softener because
one day we'll be food for worms and then
you know put it up a bit
that's the intel jingle you think it'll
work I'm telling you millennial liaison
Kentucky Fried Chicken no one day
they'll live in robot bodies regardless
so it doesn't matter what you put into
your system right now due to to the
Intel they I mean that one's got it it's
got it some work done let's be honest
but that the Intel jingle is a big part
of this I mean I gotta you know rome
wasn't built in a day you think like the
you know beef it's what's for dinner
people invented that overnight
Ahsan that was workshop there's a couple
of rules from millennial life don't
don't approach a millennial on the
telephone you can text the Millennial
and say can I call you and then they
probably will not respond and then like
six hours later they'll be like sorry I
was busy can I call you tomorrow and
then you'll say yes and then you'll set
up a time and then ten minutes after
that time they will call you that's the
first step of contacting a millennial I
say this is someone who does that exact
same thing it's coming from a place of
love I promise you that
trying to think of the other rules never
ask them to see a Tim Burton film that's
probably like roulette number like 600
but it's on their dad I don't wanna see
a Tim Burton film I mean if he made
another Edie would sure but I don't want
to see Johnny Depp I don't know why I'm
doing this voice I think I'm actually
doing a parody of myself and I've given
myself this voice I don't understand
never talked about using homes as an
investment because you should be aware
of the fact that the speculators market
is making it impossible for anybody in
our demographic to own property unless
of course they have abstained from
eating avocado toasts for their whole
lives in which case the down payment
basically makes himself
[Music]
excuse me sir thank you these are the
rules for interacting with Millennials
minded that might be a little Vancouver
specific I don't know well first he
railed on religion and now on
Millennials and baby bloomers is there
anything he won't touch that's right I'm
saying it no sacred cows
speaking of which mozzarella is not that
good of a cheese I'm not against it but
give me a chatter over a mozzarella any
day of the week outside of a pizza
context am i right or am i right I'm
you're all thinking it I'm just the only
one with the cojones to say it it's
actually like my least favorite genre of
comedy awful opinion you're all thinking
it
most of the time not really but there
are there are comedians who are very
good at that
and that's a tough line to the hit so I
respect it but also convenience one very
bad at it you just give me yeah I was
gonna say you don't give me an advantage
there you don't give me a guaranteed
item it's basically what I should have
said there okay you never give me an
item you only give me a golden HP and as
I fight the mega satan nightly my streak
grows you actually gave me guppy
previously it's been rare occasion in
the middle of the gameplay motion right
laughs an hour boo
anyway easy win 30 minutes
Magus Satan we've had a lot of runs like
this recently where we've been like
markedly too slow to make boss rush and
then like finish the whole run within 30
minutes
my least-favorite jesse eisenberg film
within 30 minutes that's what it was
localized as here
not true people have probably forgotten
about the existence of 30 minutes or
less I once when I left Korea I lived in
the city called Daegu which is large but
not one of the two largest so people go
what's it like living in a small town of
three million people but anyway I had a
6:00 a.m. flight from Daegu to Seoul who
they actually gave me an entrance here
okay I had a 6:00 a.m. flight from Daegu
to Seoul which is like 40 minutes and I
had like a midnight flight or something
like that from Seoul to Vancouver and
then from Vancouver back to Toronto but
so I had a 14 hour or something layover
at Incheon International Airport great
Airport to have a layover app of 14
hours
ridiculous especially as like a 22 year
old who is like I this is my fourth time
in an airport you know I didn't really
know if I knew now or if I knew then
what I know now it that could have been
a much better layover you know for like
40 bucks so you can just buy lounge
access for most airliners let's see what
we get here so literally for the cost of
like three dollars an hour I could have
had unlimited food and drink including
alcoholic beverages instead I sat on a
chair and I watched 30 minutes or less
like four times because it was one of
the only movies I had on my laptop I
didn't even like it the first time was
like okay only three more times to go
little Airport little Airport hack for
you there's probably no topic more
boring than air travel but that doesn't
stop us oh you know so it was following
Emirates along the 787 all it's so
gorgeous oh yeah I look the 787 with the
dynamically tinted windows I love it
although the cabin pressure makes you
feel so much better when you arrive you
know everyone's uh but I mean it's
because planes are cool like I feel the
way about planes that I imagine normal
children felt about dinosaurs like I
never really got dinosaurs when I was a
kid just people were like I really like
dinosaurs and I was like it's just an
animal you idiot
moron you absolute maroon it's just a
big animal but now I get it you're like
well why do you like airplanes because
it's a miracle that they exist and we
treat it as if it's just an everyday
occurrence that we should take for
granted
also I flew across the entire planet the
other day
oh but were you one a good airliner a
bad airline that they offer you the
quiche Lorraine
that's going to hurt we might tap out
here on the on the Delirium fight I'm
like 50/50 when we get a sustained
delirium like this easiest money of all
time I thought I heard a foot come in
there but when we have other bosses that
can tell a Fraga it becomes a little bit
more of a problem I now think we will
probably succeed I know it's a what a
dynamic experience it changes on the
drop of a hat I will say though the 787
is pretty dope ever since they fixed
that bug that caused them to catch fire
midair that was a bummer we did it and
actually did it fairly easily as well
not the bug I mean then let's be honest
I don't have to know how in the elbow
grease thanks for watching have you
enjoyed the episode of you tick with the
like button else that a great deal of
course subscribe you I'll see more in
the future a little stretch here yeah
and I'll see you next time